fans scram for the nice introduction so
today we're gonna cover the topics about
docking level models so in most our
previous lectures we cover models about
new networks and how they can be tied to
an LP a lot of them are kind of
straightforward so we look here let's
have a recap of what models we have so
this is not all we covered but some of
them the example this one is a language
model and this one is parsing this one
is actually sentiment classification and
this one is Andy pecking so all this
model are actually sentence level models
well in Langer model is a little bit
like kind of document but the element of
language model is all words for parsing
all it always parsing a sentence and for
classification you mostly for sentiment
classification you're classified send
him off one sentence for nd tagging you
are tagging within one sentence it's
this is not like strictly sentence based
but mostly it's good to work on sentence
boundaries so actually every little task
of this have the counterpart document so
because we have four of them we have
four counterparts as as I am aware so
four entities in sentence you normally
do and keep hanging in terms of document
you can do some more sophisticated
things like reference for passing in
sentence you do semantic parsing or
synthetic parsing in documents you do
this course person and in length model
in the sentence level not not exactly
sentence level I would say word level
because your we are going for the whole
document for length model anyway but you
are doing word prediction as we talk
about language document level stuff we
can do level model on sentence petition
or discourse animal predation something
not larger than the word unit as for
classification we can do sentence
but when we do gotten classification
some of this when we transform into
document change the nature of the
problem changes a lot but mainly in this
course the first few the first three
items I in the green box actually
changes a lot because they are they're
trying to recover the structure of the
document I'm not going to cover about
document classification here because I'm
I don't I'm not really aware of that I'm
not really a spur of that and I think
the classification have shared a lot of
similar like nature's to sentiment
classification but the three other ones
have very different internal structures
when we talk about documents in this
lecture most of them will be focusing on
core efference that's why you're reading
a spark or reference and we cover a
little bit about this course parsing and
a little bit about sentence element
prediction so the first document problem
aunt Ida Corr friends so we say in
sentence level we detected entities
named entities and then by going to the
documents we now can see what's the
relation between all these entities here
are one example from newspaper so to do
document level and the deck reference
the first step of course is we need to
find where other entities and entities
they are inherently they can be we can
use the entity level okay your sentence
sentence level entity classify to find
the entities for us however is not
enough because any are right now is
normally only worked on named entities
for example country names person names
it doesn't work on all noun phrases as
in this system to show we have we
underlying all the long faces in the two
sentences like the speech therapist you
probably won't detect that in the ndr
system so the first type is a little bit
more
you have to do after in your second step
is that we caught her or just noun
phrases to create groups so that the
same group of entities refer to the same
underlying word and the same group of
mentions referring to the same
underlying world interview so that the
word mentions in noun phrases will
appear a lot in this lecture and they
are kind of the same in this context an
entity is the entity is the combined
cluster so by definition here so now
first detection a lot of people think
preference is just a simple classroom
work non-free says are a lot of people
just develop current system using
predefined num phrases or using given
noun phrases but however noun phrase is
actually a very difficult part for
current systems we've covered this a
little bit more at the end of lecture
but right now give examples about why
noun phrases can hurt Corrections for
friends by a lot you think the same
sentences if we detect a noun phrase
correctly we know that this is a purpose
but if we detect a noun phrase
incorrectly we are going to say the noun
the noun phrase here is a speech this
will changed all the decision you may
later fork reference
so this up string tasks we have a lot of
effect on later taxes never loose most
people still do this as a pre-processing
step because it's not very trivial to
combine non-first detection of
Corrections we will cover one model in
this in this lecture about how to do
that AK reference model apart from the
noun phrase detection is a very
traditional machine learning model just
like any learning model we have this
components we need to define what are
the instances we need to extract
relevant features for each instance we
have to define a very few metric and
then we need to know how to train it or
in structure prediction word we instruct
traditional world we are more
interesting how to search the correct
structure today we cover the first three
points the last part is search algorithm
I think would give a the lecture will be
given by panel later
now in this lecture so let's look at
instances first soak reference excel
face structure petition problem all you
need to do is given like n different
entities you have to put them into
groups this they are actually
exponential number of possible grouping
you can have if you are listing all the
different grouping and extra features
from them ranking those that we that
will be a very difficult task
basically intractable intractable so
models are designed to approach this
problem basically to search and reduce
the space people simplify this by always
making pairwise decisions
not always mostly making pairwise
decisions given the four entities we
extracted from the previous example the
question is what will be the rare entity
link to which mentioned he wants to link
to that's the way of constructing
instances so it become a classification
problem at this point if we look at the
free three previous entities
individually so we have in this lecture
we are going to talk about four like
major models about making instances they
are actually a couple more that more
than this but this for our I think the
stay of art for some time and quite
important the first model is a simplest
one is called a mention pair model or
you all you basically do is to construct
all pair of mentions between every pair
you say their Corrections are not given
the ghost actor if it is if it answers
yes you have positive instance otherwise
have negative one so there this is very
simple but there many drawbacks to this
model the first is you have a high very
high class cuteness
you have a very few number of positive
instances and have a large number of
negative ones if you get all the pairs
from a document like for this example
when you take Queen Elizabeth and you
pick all the previous oh wait I'm I'm
picking the I'm not I'm not not looking
better in this example actually you
should look better but let's look
forward here when we take Queen
Elizabeth and look forward for all the
mentions only one of them is actually
correct friend with it or the other one
and negative examples so this is hard
for training definitely and second it
can have a lot of conflicts when you
make individual decisions for example
when you make a decision that one is
crafted with be one is crafted with two
and here's where we see but one is not
wrong with you and you have a problem of
which one do you trust which classified
your trust
it's not like it's not very trivial to
solve that problem other problems like
that's not obvious may include it cannot
capture class the level features so
entity is normally formed by a cluster
of four or five within the castle you
may have some features internally for
example if the cluster is or are the
whole cluster about a person is the
whole class a location cluster or
something like that
this feature is actually useful for
deciding currents but they cannot be
captured by a mansion model a mansion
pair model the fourth Joubert of this is
that there's no ranking of incidences
here all this instance actually are
treated equally no matter how so given
that there are so many problems based a
simple implement people have people
later invented new models based on the
mansion pair model they still is a
pairwise model but they replace one part
of the pair into
entity so now we have entity mention
model when they write entity mention
they say the entities before and mention
is after that means we always pick a
mention and we look backward and looks
over entity so in this way we keep
create instances between the mention and
a previous class ER and the previous
classes actually formed by previous
decisions so that means you're growing
you're when you're reading from left to
right up from top to down you're growing
your entity clusters larger and order
and for each new mentioned you are going
to decide whether I want to join a
previous cluster I create a new one in
this nominee so we follow a natural
discourse level because this course
ordered that's how human do this right
in this way you can use partial cut
classroom teachers so here are some
example classroom features that people
find useful whether the whole cluster
contains entities if they have the
compatible gender for example gender you
can you can infer the gender from a noun
phrase you can infer gender from Poona
and you combine them to see whether they
are all compatible and second whether is
the Casa containing only pronouns so
classic continue only pronounce it is
actually problematic so in a natural
language you don't start talking about
he without mentioning who he refers to
so it's normally error when you have
only pronouns in the cluster you want to
have you want to still find one and
decision for all this pronouns
whether most of the entities are in the
same gender this is actually very cute
fish I don't know I don't understand how
people define modes here but the define
most here in many different ways so now
we so I'm not going to talk about how
people define modes by we talked about
other ways to overcome this basically
how to overcome problems about class the
features because moose is not very
precise word you follow and and maybe
the size of cursor if the cursor is too
large or too small they might indicate
something
there's our castle level features the
problem of anti dimension model is that
there still no ranking between the
antecedents so given the mention they're
free class appear for you which faster
is more important we don't know so this
is ranking problem and then Casa
features are actually hard to design
like most of the entities such an a
female that's a very hard to define
feature so people also go all the way
around all the way to entity features
entity models so we start from mansion
pair and we go to entity mentioned model
and people even go all the extreme view
entity centric they don't even look at
mention at all they treat everything as
entity so that's called entity centric
model so and the central model is the
thing that you're basically directly
evaluating which partition is correct so
you are comparing all the different
partitions as we just said before or
different partitions that explanation on
both partitions so evaluating all the
partitions is actually intractable so
when people doing this they are doing
heuristic search has other things to
approximator actually the process very
similar to before people still blow up
classes during learning doing from left
to right
however the problem right now is we
don't have cluster creation ghosts and
we don't know which class to merge first
so given the final class here if you you
know you only know the final posture but
you don't do not know the path to reach
the final class you can merge 1 & 2
first or 2 & 3 first the cost and is
missing in this part so either you
should you can create some go send on
your own which we can we can see some
other people do that or you training it
with some other methods
so in this clock and mending paper in
the reading list actually training with
dagger which go ahead and talk about a
little bit before in order to
with this training and test chrome we
always mentioned about ranking we say
there's no ranking before it between the
instances so naturally we have a ranking
model so the ranking model at relevance
relative importance to previous entities
this is useful because it has something
called a first intuition has been proven
to be very useful in many impressing and
corrections is that when you pick the
the easiest decision right now it's easy
you'll probably get a better castering
outcome at the end so easy first if you
can rank your instances based based on
easy first intuition also the ranking
model help to do with imbalance between
positive and negative so although you
have only one current antecedent before
you the ranking allows you to create
ranking pairs so you have one you have
one positive and and find negative for
example you put it into one rank in this
a lot of ranking algorithms actually
look at the differences between the
positive and negative in that case you
have a lot of you don't have to do with
imbalance problem yourself for ranking
models you have a slight small problem
about another another well another is a
little bit subtle definition we discuss
on Piazza today so basically a never
simply speaking is to find whether a
mention hat does something to link
before it to have to something to ground
if in the previous context so another
problem here is to to define whether a
mention is enough for ik when we say
anaphoric it says the weather mention
happened is it or not if it is the first
mention of discuss earth and it does not
have enough for recognition so another
problem is you can't deal with it in the
natural in a non in a naive way in a
naive ranking model because ranking only
take the positive and negative and put
it in around
but it's actually very simple to do that
normally antecedent they yeah there's no
restriction on sense family basically
yeah so everything we talk here is know
does not have a sense from me
so a way to solve this is to add a noun
a novel mention or sometimes sometimes
we call Roop mention in this so if if
you're ranking with the root mention is
higher than anything else then you then
you can treat this non and the Forex so
this is a very simple trick to soften
after a poem we have two different ways
of doing ranking as well just like say
before we have mentioned we have
entities so we have mentioned ranking
antiquey ranking so mention ranking due
to is complicity is the most dominant
method right now and I think this day of
artists mentioned ranking model
basically ranked previous mentions and
aunt Ida ranking model is to rank
previous classics
no individual mentions this is the
previous very important paper in
currants
is by doing and thank I'm so what you do
is I mention it's basically its basic
idea as a mentioned ranking model so
from left to right you have four
entities the a means is antecedent
decision set for the first one you have
no idea you have no decision to make so
that's fine when they say new they make
a new class or for it and the second one
you have one too soon to make whether
you want to merge with the previous
cluster or you want to create a new and
the correct answer is actually you want
to merge with a previous classroom so
you label this two instance as one of
the correct and one of the mess error
and the third one you actually want to
create a new cluster and linking to one
or two are both wrong so we have two
negative example here and one correct
and for
it's the same so by doing this you can
create a ranked list for each each box
for a one you have nothing to do for a
two you want to rank the correct one
over the new one for a three you want to
rank the new one
over the one and two so this is a
nonlinear model it's not a numeral model
we haven't covered or haven't go into
the new model and for now the problem of
this is there's no ghost and antecedent
structure in training that because
there's the publicity model so you can
easily sum over all possible antecedent
proposal here so this is the entity
ranking model by having Tintin so he
ranked previous classes just as we said
we also had a now crafter to its
antecedent to make it to solve enough
report oh by the way the new here is
actually solving the anaphoric problem
in the res model so the model here is
they they achieve the state of our at
that time however they use a very
complicated set of features here I only
they are actually 39 feature they're
actually for the 92 templates to occur
features from this so it's very
complicated model to with reproduce yeah
this is strictly more expressive but
yeah yes I think it's it may be also be
that mentioned right model easier to
Train if like more expressive mode are
definitely harder to try but another
reason is that like when didn't do this
is 2009 earlier and if you reap
implement entity ranking model it may
make work well I'm not sure
because there's one other model which is
a little bit difficult to put into
mention rank more and he mentioned model
is Co latent remodeled my feeling is
this very similar to mentioned ranking
and somehow is that the process is that
it will create a tree during the process
of reading a document they first create
a route for each new mention either you
connected to the root or they
Connecticut and not a mention so after
that you will have a tree when you read
off all the sub trees under the root you
have the caster's the problem of this is
still the same you don't have a ghost
ender for a tree or you the ghost and
you have is only the cast the final
cluster so doing here they call 800 of
the coast and is actually Layton so how
do they derive the ghost ghost and the
tree is there at each stage they will
use the current feature to rank all
possible ghost in the trees and to find
the ghost and the trees that has the
high score given our current future
configuration so basically it's saying
that I pick a tree that I think I can
decode the best right among all the
trees if the tree gives the high score
that means it's easiest for my current
model so they are picking the easiest
tree here and then they find a tree
differences between the two tree and do
the training this is not not very easy
to understand model in fact and I train
this model myself is not very stable on
some data sets when you don't I'm not
careful about some small decision like
tiebreaking oh wait so decision tree is
the learning algorithm a classification
learning algorithm right so this is the
search tree you are searching your
you're searching your answer you are you
haven't done anything about
classification yet so one instance here
is a tree
in the century one instance this thing
and you create a feature tree right now
instance itself is a tree and then
you're comparing the structure
differences between two you you can
imagine is like something like parsing
you parse it to a tree and you compare
where they are passing is Corral but in
this case you don't have a ghost and a
person so what's the role of neural
network here that's more about what what
we care about because there's a newer
network find out P not introduction to
NLP so let's revisit the problem of her
friends we have instance program have
feature problem and metric I haven't
taught me anything about metric but we
have a Metropole
I skip that a little bit so in mention
ranking basically for some reason one
mention ranking configuration right each
stage you are going to decide one of the
action you're going to take you can
actually recover your caster based on
your decision for example at the second
stage if I decide to create a new
cluster then I would take new if we
actually create a new cluster for that
when you you just all you need to do is
merge a decision of all this boxes so
this results in you getting a tree yeah
so so yeah is it's a tree where the root
is the first mention in the tree and
then everything after that can point to
either of the elements and then
everything that is pointing to that
eventually travels to the first yeah
that's why we said like leaving tree is
very similar to mention ranking it's
only xi en doesn't do any explicit
ranking so we don't but a way of
constructing things this newer treat
that's also the case why we say the
measuring ranking model does not have
ghosts and therefore of the decisions
because you don't you don't all serve
the kre-o you off serve is the final
caster is that clear kind of oh yeah I
haven't really covered scoring here so
it's your choice basically but in this
models yes every score is just the sum
of all arcs in principle you can also
have cast a level scores which look a
multiple and mentions and keep them a
score the score of each R is fixed
according to the features are fixed yes
but the feature score is updating during
the training so you will have different
when you have different weights you will
have different proposal so here we only
talk about search so I think the problem
is that we thought we we haven't
discussed anything about learning so
everything we've done here is just
creating instances given the instances
we extract features from it so the
features might be on arc or it might be
on the whole tree we don't know it can
be anything you decide and then we get a
score for the whole instances and we
feed it to a traditional any learning
method we have to solve the problem so
we only cover search here because
learning is not like not so different
from the other way
from the other models perhaps I'll help
you it's better to do that before so
yeah any questions before we drum into a
little bit about neural networks their
stuff here
okay yeah we have three problems we just
said so for instances we have created a
lot of ways of creating instances we
added prey trees we create pairs we
crack create clusters there are all
different ways of creating instances for
features we show that some some some
papers use a very complex complicated
set of features like we have 39 feature
templates from newspaper and we have and
this I don't know how to read his name
broken on and come maybe they use it
actually they they is try a lot of
features first and they use a feature
induction a standoff fishing dashing
technique to induct them using a
decision tree first and then finally
this a lot of features and then put into
their final model so these are all very
high engineering and very time-consuming
a lot of power of this can be replaced
with new networks nowadays because
you're never are supposed to be feature
extractors and LS we hope them too now I
want to cover something before a new
network is that is era driven analysis
where I'm actually talk about this last
lecture the people who they're to
conduct air analysis for parsing the
same group of people are actually I'm
not sure about the first author but it's
tank Heinz group they do another
analysis for currents as well so let's
see let's see what kind of errors could
appear in the current system
so this graph showed that how they could
change a system cluster a betrayer
cluster to a ghost and the caster within
five steps so given any clusters they
first correct all the mentions pens so
to make sure all the mentions are
correct and then they split large
clusters and then they remove incorrect
mentions which create like some mentions
that even not they are not mentioned
persistent my thing is mentioned they
remove this well
mentions and introduce new mention does
not discover by a system and then they
merge small cluster into large clusters
so given five steps you can create you
can transform any system culture to a
ghost and the Carter
so the error types are definitely happen
in any of this any one of this places so
the error could be one of them goes
wrong or two of them goes wrong so would
be five plus one two three four they
would probably be nine but they only
have seven I don't remember which one
they they don't use so they finally have
seven different errors here span error
completely and antes means you merged
different caster together
Etra entity means you have as her
dimension means you have extra mentions
like look at all this errors they
analyzed all the system they can they
can get and find out their their errors
so let's remember this graph for now we
will revisit it later so after doing the
error analysis ten kinds find find out
that you don't really need to design all
that many features to do graphics so
they call they have a paper like a of it
a very important paper called easy
victories and uphill battles for entity
reference so they say you think surface
level features sinkhole baselines they
can beat like all the state of art and
the actual the actual uphill battle is
on the semantic side and no one can
solve so they they don't solve in this
paper what they propose to do I mention
ranking model essays is very popular
they design their objective to be
different error types so we have seven
error type we just talked about here
they use free of them
whether it's a force and offer first an
offer means you should you should have
connect to something before but you
didn't force new is you shouldn't have
career Newcastle you did and wrong link
basically connect to the wrong classes
so note that they don't consider
anything about mentions ban only
currents linking errors so there are
three different Korean drinking errors
the combined nos is just the loss of
each each one of them they have free
hyper parameter to tune here it's very
hard to tune but they finally get get it
done it's very impressive so why do you
say easy victories they say this is easy
victories because they only use surveys
Lesko features they ignore all or many
but in all all complex features and
replace all of them with surface
features here are some examples most of
the previous system we have number and
gender compatibility feature whether the
number are the same whether they are
both plural whether they are female here
they say that this can be encoded by the
pronouns and by the form of the word
already they don't really need a design
feature for that there's also a feature
that's widely used before it cost
entering feature sending feature is that
when you have two sentences close by if
the two verbs if the two words are the
same or related and the subject of that
verb must be current of some the subject
of this must be currents and alter of
this knot must be might be currents so
this is the centering feature centering
theory feature but however when they add
the verb into the feature set is that
this can totally help them ignore the
centering theories leaders and another
example is definite whether you have
definite marker before word all you need
to do is just encode the previous word
before the mention you don't really need
or the first word of dimension you don't
really need to do that
many other things happens here are just
some examples
the results this is the final list of
their future templates much smaller than
the feature template designed by Vincent
but still quite a lot there's a final
feature set a number of actual features
are are numerous but the future template
has been reduced by a large amount
however we're still not satisfying
because we want to do automatically
changing automatically extraction we
don't want future tables like this so
but we already said that a lot of them
can be captured by Lesko features right
neural networks are the best for
capturing nesco features we have
embeddings any Lesko matching is not
good as it's not comparable to embedding
imagine right so this gives us the hope
to use new networks for currents so here
are some other possible improvements
with neural network we can train towards
the final metric we haven't talked about
it but it's obvious because the metric
is hard to compute just like any other
app it has like blue who can do you
steep reinforced Merlini we can learn
the features from embeddings because a
lot of neurological actually they can be
better capture with new network then
let's go normal less polarized feature
and one thing one more thing is we can
drink a full system to reduce more error
types the ten kinds paper is really nice
but it still consider only three types
of error but they analyzed seven a lot
of the unanalyzed errors are mentioned
errors mention span errors new create
false new mentions or missing mentions
this free error types are not
considering the previous paper if we can
do an end-to-end neural network
considering all dimensions we can clue
all the stereotypes so seven error types
it can cover them all there will be the
best
so actually the last part is very simple
so forth
enough rrah it's just coming how many
force another given two different
configurations force net force new is
just counting how many floors new you
have made so we are comparing queue
decision set and calculon number roll
count of this and then we multiply the
row count with some some interpolation
parameter of have a parameter they chose
for i remember it's 0.5 0.2 0.2
something like that but they agree
search to get to get a number and they
the final loss is just a command it's
just a song so it's it's actually very
hard to tune process the Kuna
successfully is it's pretty good yeah we
can't ring a full system to reduce all
these error types at once so that's the
possible gain from your network let's
see how people actually there are papers
related to each one of them the Frog
first oneness mr. Crocker Manning paper
let me see I have animations
I think something wrong with animation
oh okay
I'm just present to fast
okay let's just stop here until of
terrible animation but so we switch to
the well maybe I think could you just
slow there it comes up okay
so this is a one attempt to use new
network for folk reference so basically
it's a mesh impaired model wait
it's both mentioned pair model and
classified model they actually pre train
a mansion pair model for the system and
then they feed it your clasp a model so
here's how they work for each matching
pair they train a fee for in your
network and that one is connected to the
cursor level representation for this two
concert they are picking all the
possible combinations from this two
Kassar automation pair and they expect
it into into a matrix and they do a
pooling to get a final clasp a
representation so this is string end to
end from both cluster and mention pair
model the features of this which is
listed there a lot of them my embeddings
some of the must you hand design a
feature for example so the way to do
this is that the first couple features
are mostly embedding features the last
few some of them are very hard to be
written to embedding for example the
distance between two mentions they
writing as one hot vectors and appended
to the whole feature set the training
the training algorithm the finger loss
is still the same as a duet one offer
the free different loss combined by
office so here what they want to do is a
cut cluster is across the level model
because you can see they have Carter
pair Fantasia so we still have the
problem of which to platter to merge
first it is unknown because the reward
is only at a final we only know the
final reference then when we say
something about reward we are we
immediately know you can do something
about using reinforced learning so they
actually train a policy network the
policy network is deciding whether to
cast are merging or not basically the
action is just merge or new murder on
the other thing okay so they and then
they come to continue to improve that
previous method by introducing a little
bit more about reinforcement learning to
injure to capture the evaluation metric
so previous the previous slides we still
say they still using the Durand Klein
hand assigned
loss function in this paper that they
are using even the actual evaluation
metric used by craft and actually PQ one
of the for evaluation metric here one of
the main forming that is a metric in for
reference they actually find that the
the best day reinforce doesn't help but
it doesn't how much the best sister is
called a rewards with scaled
reinforcement methods for details we
have to read the paper we don't have
time to cover here but it's is typical
that reinforcement learning are very
hard to apply to LP problems another
example of kept using new neighbor to
capture features is to use new network
to capture class or features if you will
still remember something we talked about
earlier about most females are most
mentions are female that kind of feature
is very hard to define and not very
precise in this cluster feature neural
network they actually for each cluster
they run an RNN of all the mention in
that cluster together classic intention
of it this is actually quite similar to
the Manning way where they cause any to
think they do a cross product between
two clusters however they here they can
use on and to capture single clusters by
themselves this actually can somehow
capture most features and all features
phenomenon they shown this by plot their
car sir
tension at the end in this graph
actually each different different color
represents some somehow different
characteristic of dimensions some class
there are about pronouns some crafts are
about locations than whatever and this
one is the entry and you know currents I
think is the newest day of our stay off
for art right now
the two main contribution by this paper
is that first can we represent all the
features with a typical neural network
and then whether you are never allowed
to allow us to flow the error from top
to bottom so this is self another type
of errors that's been there we should
never solve before to solve the span
error that means you have to join you
learn spam detection mention detection
and corrections they are joined learning
ways actually very they are doing it
really brew floss they just pick all
possible mentions bands in a document
and then throw it to the next layer of
your newer model by all mention pairs
basically to control all the mention
here you need to pick a start you need
to pick an end and then the number of
metal pair you can have is actually
names for document square if the nexus
ve you have V square of possible
mentions this is like a square doesn't
sound bad but it's still quite an
acceptable but in fact you don't really
need to do that you don't have mentions
more than seven words long in that if
you don't have more than seven words
like mentions in a talking you don't
really need to do that so actually they
use a threshold s7 to do that so they be
you mentioned and then they use a couple
trick to filter our mentions in the
first place also the mention size is
manageable and then do Christ and the
things so as you mentioned they capture
the master presentation what we have to
focus here
is that they used experience before we
say that the first word of dimension the
previous aware of mentioned the last
words mentioned that the next worth
mentioned they are all important
features in currents they build all of
this into their mansion model oh one
more important feature about mentioned
currents is the head wear when we want
to decide whether to mention zark
reference the more important word is the
head word in stealth all the other words
for example if you still remember the
therapist example at the very at a the
first light the speech therapist and the
speech are quite different because the
hair is different
one is speech and one is various so in
order to detect at words normally people
use dependency parse at the external
network here they want to try it to do
it all and supplies li not unto us want
to do it all neural networks don't use
any parsing feature so here they use the
self attention to pick the head where
they are assuming that the self
attention word the most attentive word
is most likely to be the head word and
we will see how does perform in later in
this in this part we have build a mesh
implantation for span you can look at
that for example review a national
measure mutations for General Electric
in Ettrick now we fit this mention resin
tation into into your classroom model
this class model is basically a
multi-layer perceptron and it makes
making a single decision at the end
whether it is true or false
everything is the other setup of this
model is exactly the mentioned ranking
model exactly the way of the how they
extract features so let's look at the
core so they they they said the quality
of dimensions is actually pretty good
when they change when I change lambda
lambda is the weight is the weight of
filtering mentions they say when they
when they when they
changed lambda they have a curve of that
which is which reach the best previous
mention extraction system the read the
rep thought here the Reta
is on their curve so in their model they
can like freely choose more mentions or
few mentions for well it means that the
curve is kind of autumn all right now
what's interesting is the ablation study
most of each of their features are less
relized a cough of a couple of the manag
first one is distance is very hard to do
embedding for distance a second one is
the speaker information these are some
metadata in the in the document that's
really hard
basically it says there are some
datasets that contains beach
it's basically Hector says something
grandma says something and you'll have
the speaker label on each sentences
these are pretty hard to to be captured
naturally say to use an additional
speaker feature what we can see
interesting here is this have finding
attention which is to use self attention
to find ahead without Hef annotation the
performance actually chopped a lot there
are the different embeddings which let's
revisit the arrow types we talked about
before when we look at the arrow types
that they analyzed the majority of error
actually you can see the span error and
missing mention are a very major source
of error almost auto system especially
missing mention it's like one of the
major source of the top-performing
system so that's why I'm doing this
end-to-end spam based correction system
helped a lot in in the okay so I think
we have finished the currents probably
have a little bit more time we're gonna
to briefly talk about the other part of
document level models
they are actually related to Antony
reference in some extent so one of them
is called this course parsing is
basically you move parsing through this
course you have different set of
formalism you don't have pantry Bank but
you have another different type of
treatment called est and your units are
not words but phrases clauses they call
you edu I don't remember what you do is
short for it but whatever unit so they
are passing a piece of text into
relation between discourse units of
course at discourse unit research most
researchers meaning using this core
ice-t style discourse parsing which is
shown here the early work about using
newer network for this course parsing is
actually very similar basically a kind
of copy of the parsing model by which
our soldier on the discourse land
recalls a recursive discourse passing in
a CKY style and later people have
invented like more sophisticated
metaphoric hierarchical areum's
basically they use the first ITM to
capture I mean remember the first is
used to capture each each discourse you
need units the IDI use at the second
item is to capture the representation of
multiple IDI use so they made a decision
of what whether the edu should be merge
and whether what is the relation between
3ds this course passing although is not
very popular in NLP because it's
probably hard to do but as the people
shown that it can help represent
documents just like in sentences there a
lot of people try to use recursive trees
to represent a meaning of a document of
a sentence people also try to use
recurred recursive discourse tree is to
represent the document meaning in this
year's ACL the
non-smooth show that by incorporating
discourse parsers you can actually do
sentiment classification or topic
classification better than before
oh this is already covered by a grammar
in the previous lecture down lecture
that we protect that this cause
connector between two sentences this is
you can even think of this as a shallow
discourse parsing you don't need to
construct a food tree but you only need
to decide the relation between two
clauses
yeah one thing I really want to talk a
little bit about so I rest a little bit
over this course parsing is discourse
protection this is a very simple idea
and very simple not very simple it has a
very simple configuration has but the
task itself is difficult so in document
level we don't do length remodels we do
discourse uni predictions level model
predict you the next word this course
uni petition can predict you the next
sentence the Ness phrase the next event
structure whatever or the next entity
there are two different there's some
different paths on this for example
referent prediction is to predict which
entity are referred to this is very
similar to entity reference or the story
copper's is asking you to complete the
story given the first four sentences so
protecting this course units can be
think of as just disk or document level
entry model let's look at the example
here Kevin is law by Robert and if we
look at the Z arresting X we're going to
predict what Z and X are it's for humans
pretty easy to think to know that Z is
actually oh this not is most likely to
be the police if we know that these
please voice X and X is most likely to
be robot he wants a cabin and if Z
rescued Y and Y will be camera so this
is the discourse prediction thing and it
kind of useful for any decorations so
petrova moody used like straightforward
irons to protect the next event by event
that basically they say rescue axe the
cordis group as I vent and pong and
wealth into fancy fiend they introduce
something cause I meant Allegra model
what they attitude to the Pitroda motto
is they add discourse connectors so
kevin was robbed by robert but to please
mistakenly arrest him when we have a but
in between those two sentences the
meaning of the whole thing just changes
now him actually refer to Kevin right
not robbery anymore so they added a
little bit more information into this
discourse sequences so they can make
better prediction so the PI does two
models the trainer basically torturing
an angry model and they apply lit you
graph interest and some many parts and
both improve the result it can be think
of you are doing just like in the
previous work we have seen before for
example in automatic speech recognition
you're you train a length model it help
you to predict speech better now you
train a discourse Negra model it can
help you to do Corrections or parsing
better the story completion has is a
kind of a different flavor but very
similar it gives you the force in this
before and give you two two choice or
maybe two toys and ask you to find the
correct choice so this this tas is i
don't think is it's not fully
challenging because some people have
shown they're only using the last
sentence is actually very helpful in
predicting but predicting the answer
which making a little bit less
interesting they have a paper called are
protecting the story by focusing on the
end nice framing but all they do is just
looking at the words in the last
sentence which make the semantic flavor
of this has a little bit weak but still
will be a future direction of interest
so the reason of this course our acting
is
not as clear a normal leg remodel can
helps predict the next word very useful
for speech recognition or translation
and this Courtland remodel can help us
predict and that's MDD Nessa vent and
pushed Henschel used useful information
instruction us already applied it on
influence distraction they can probably
be used fro to any references this whole
lecture is about any decor reference
basically and and I hope that this
course Langer model can be applied there
so it's not actually fully applied to
core efference land yet pun and growth
to some experiment fifteen saying that
they can solve hard currents problems
using language discourse length models
however when they added to to their own
UIUC Crafton resolver to heaven improved
the baseline by much so this does steal
some get about applying this discourse
language models to actual craftmens
problem that's a very interesting things
are interesting called the window grip
schema challenge a lot of them require
very difficult human semantic
interpretation for example the robot
case we have already seen and this the
first example is assuming were pulling
by the young one so we when we change
the verb we are changing the currents
decision of them there's a whole
collection of this kind of sentences by
the challenge and it's very interesting
to see whether cement aom's
can help solve this this is basically an
unsolved problem I think that's it any
questions yeah
a few times I saw in the reading and
into presentation that there's an
assumption that if you had for example a
pronoun it refers to a now that came
before it
wall the model just as well if it's
reversed it thrown out and comes first
and then the mouse comes after it or the
models kind of break yeah I haven't done
any experiment on that I can't when you
say my own so I mean the common thing is
to Ling pronounce your now so when you
is some for example you are saying you
have Clinton and he when you reverse
them and you want to link Clinton to he
is that the program comes first so they
do assume something it's not it's not
it's not easy to say what exactly is
that they assume because they're
multiple antecedent before each each
decision right
normally the model if trained correctly
it will not try to connect it to a
pronoun if there's a Clinton here and
the first mentions the Clinton the
second is here and the third is also
Clinton it's very likely that Clinton is
linked to the first first and they also
can reach to the correct answer so if
you only reverse two of them it might
not hurt the performance a lot so
because it's a joint decision of
multiple and antecedents right I would
say that it will but this the behavior
will change it will tend to pick the
easy one because they always have this
easy first intuition if trained
correctly that's the way however if you
have a case where he is the first place
and the second one is for example
Clinton and the here is like kind of
unbounded it's very hard to say I would
say the performance will be worse
because the when they is try to features
most of them they really care about
the way direction of the future if you
if you create features saying that you
don't care about the direction then
probably not the people when people
design future they normally care about
yeah so actually all the current system
right now always look back very seldom
that they look forward meet the major
paper I discussed here all day all
looking back there might be papers
looking for I haven't read them a lot I
mean that it seems that it's not
necessary to not forward the obvious
applications of co-reference
is question-answering work that either
uses coreference
or maybe trains currents I know that's
one definitely we're on both I I know I
work for question answering during the
literary search the title but there's
also one for yeah there's a one for
squat squat test but actual the
conclusion is that the the currents help
them to reduce the distance between the
entities so it's not that occur in the
self give a lot of measure is that the
structure they refuse that the distance
so that new and our aesthetic
yeah you still help that's an
interesting discussion by by by Chris
died about how Nyquist extractor can
help this so they said there's more
about the distance instead of the actual
structure so right so if you use
coreference you make it easier yeah one
of the big advantages yeah that's one by
okay
okay thanks a lot
let's skip a hectare it
[Applause]